hey what's up guys today i am going to
recap the story of the movie the
splinter 2008.
a man comes on the scene as the movie
starts
he is eating something staying in the
filling station
and that filling station was exactly at
the heart of the forest
he hears a sound from his backside and
he instantly moves there to check
but he was at a great fault on this he
is attacked by a beast
leaving him wounded now the scene takes
turn and a couple is shown in the forest
the girl name was polly who had brought
her husband forcefully for the camping
trip
because he wanted to visit motel so they
start camping there
but the camp loses its string while
adjusting it
now holly has to agree with her husband
she has to move to motel leaving that
camp
on the other side one more couple is
seen in the same forest
the boy's name was dennis between them
and his female friend is along with him
dennis was an escaped convict of a
prison and his friend was a druggie
their vehicle was broken down so they
were standing on the way
then holly and her husband drive their
car from there
dennis s friend asks lyft from them
first of
all they think that we should not stop
our car for any unknown person
but they stop their car as being
soft-hearted at the same time
dennis appears there holding a gun
pointing his gun on them he captures
them and he grabs their car
he forcibly asks paulie to drive the car
and he throws their mobiles out of the
car getting in the car
so they may not contact police they are
driving the car
meanwhile an animal is badly crushed
under their car
due to this their car tyre is also
punctured dennis
says to paulie's husband get up and
change the car tire
he says i don't know about it now
dennis himself begins to change that car
tire
contrarily dennis s friend and paulie's
husband go to check that crushed animal
they discover that this animal is as
wired they were not recognizing this
animal
which species is this because they had
never ever witnessed such an animal
there were also stuck some spikes of
that animal on the punctured tire
which are pricked in denna's hand while
changing the tire
dennis s friend says to paulie's husband
that
help this animal it is still seeming
alive i will fire my gun on you if you
don't treat it
being afraid holly's husband moves his
hand towards that animal
that animal begins to stir as he moves
his hand
even though it was being crushed seeing
it dennis
s friend is also scared and she herself
targets it with gun
then they run to car dennis says to
holly drive the car immediately she says
i will not drive the car until my
husband approaches
then her husband gets in the car as
being scared
they had also changed the tire now they
move ahead
growing spikes are observed in the
punctured tire after their departure
they were growing denna's friend is
enough afraid
dennis asks her what is the matter with
you
she tells that animal was too mysterious
it was about to attack me
so i ended it dennis thinks his friend
is reacting
as such for not taking drug for a long
time
as she behaves when she does not drug he
says to
polly why are you not driving the car
speedily
drive it speedily so holly starts to
drive fast
as a result the engine is overheated and
the car stops at a filling station
it was the same filling station that had
been viewed at the start of the movie
which was at the heart of the forest
dennis's friend is still worried while
getting off the car
dennis says to her i don't trust what is
being said by you
denna's friend feels ill for this she
moves to lavatory and fury
then it is seen those people come to the
store of filling station
and dennis begins to eat the placed
edible things there
because no one was there in the same
store holly
glimpses a phone and paulie's husband is
cleaning the car outside
he had also filled fuel in the car
denna's friend was finding difficulty to
open the door when she had gone to
lavatory
she tries much and finally opens the
door
she is left astonished at what she
observes in the lavatory
obviously you will also be astonished
there is a badly wounded man
whose face was growing the same bristles
which was growing from that animal and
attire
those were splinters she tells dennis
about all of this
coming from there but dennis does not
trust on her any told story again
at the same time the same man with grown
splinters comes towards them
he attacks denna's friend now dennis
had trusted his friends told story he
begins to fire his gun on the splinter
to rescue her
but he is unable to rescue her it is
seen here that splinter had captured her
here
it means that girl who was being proved
false by dennis
he did not believe in her dennis feels
very bad
that she continued to speak truth and i
did as such
now that splinter moves towards paulie's
husband
but he immediately runs inside the store
now dennis holly and her husband are in
the store
paulie hurriedly picks up the phone to
contact police
and she may reveal what is actually
happening here
but dennis breaks that phone while
snatching it
he warns that you will not contact
police i am an escaped convict of a
prison
police officers will arrest me if they
arrive here
why do you not get the point but holly
says to him you are also not
understanding
we will be ended if we don't inform
police police officers will be able to
get control over this creature if they
arrive here
they will at least rescue us if they
come you will be arrested
if they don't come you will be died just
think about it
overlooking her dennis begins to thieve
the money of the store
then he watches the recording of the
cctv camera after taking it out
he observes his friend's dead body in
movement
he thinks as his friend is still alive
he opens the store door to discover her
and bring inside
holly's husband says to him look we will
not allow you to enter if you are also
infected
we will lock the door from inside dennis
says all right let me check at once and
dennis moves outside with this he is
dragging his friend's dead body into the
store
the black blood was releasing from her
it was not sure either it was blood or
not
that body starts attacking dennis but
paulie's husband locks the store door
pulling him inside before it dennis
friend's hand is also caught in the same
door
which is dropped inside the store after
dismembering
that hand was releasing the same black
blood and it was also growing the spikes
spikes were appearing there where the
blood's drops were falling
holly's husband tells it is surely an
infection
it is fungus which consumes blood for
its survival
consuming the same blood it grows
splinter
then they begin to hear a loud sound of
anything she was denna's friend who was
hitting her head on the store's glass
so that glass may be broken off and it
may come inside
witnessing it dennis is grieved because
his friend was in worst condition
she was badly wounded he was also
feeling guilty
why did he not trust her she could
survive yet
but holly and her husband explain him
that
look she has now turned into a
mysterious creature
your friend has been died a time ago
don't worry about her
she will also kill us in case she enters
they take him away from the door
then they come to the innermost side so
they may escape from the back door
but they hear such sound here as denna's
friend is walking on the roof
moving towards the backside of store
they return
back at the same place and lock the door
there is police officers out of the
glass door as they come outside
that lady officer points her gun on
dennis
and she orders come outside holly
attempts to explain to her that there is
a threat outside
you may also get in your car but she
does not follow her
she says it is thoroughly wrong that you
have intruded in someone's store
she is saying them to come outside
dennis
is also hiding himself there saying i
will not appear outside
then the splinter creature appears there
and dissects the police officer
and it kills her mercilessly meanwhile
it is observed when dennis's finger had
been pricked by the splinter
then it had also created the fungus
there now his hand was also turning into
black like that creature
but he keeps it secret from polly and
her husband
because he was unfair man he had thought
that police will arrest me
going outside so it is better to remain
with them
now paulie's husband suggests them that
if we burn the parked vehicle outside
then police will approach here thinking
filling station has set on fire
and they will rescue us coming here we
will also have a real cause to tell why
we are hidden in the store
polly says to her husband i appreciate
your plan
now they start to bring it into practice
dennis
flows some petrol out from the back door
but paulie's husband says to him
be careful this place may not catch the
fire
and we may be killed at the same time
holly's husband hears the sound of
police phone
and he connects some cables to pull it
denna's friend appears there as he moves
those cables out of the window
paulie's husband begins to pull those
cable forcefully
but dennis friend's hand is also drooped
inside along with it
it was still growing the splinters from
it which start attacking them
protecting from that hand they come to
the freezer
there were a few bottles and placed icy
things
while dennis friend's hand is left
outside it does not able to reach inside
it
they breathe a sign of relief luckily we
have been secured from that hand
meantime dennis begins to feel something
strange in his hand
it begins to grow the same splinters
which are extended to his arm
dennis struggles much to avoid their
spread
shishi catches it tightly but his hand
itself begins to dissect
now his whole arm was broken off he
thinks
i will have to cut it so it may not
spread throughout my body
now he catches a small knife but unable
to cut it
as his hand is in the control of another
person
now paulie's husband courageously cuts
his arm
then he breaks off his arm with the hard
object
so it may be dissected it was a pathetic
part of the movie
dennis feels the terrible pain because
of it
but that infected hand was not joined
with his body
it falls down after breaking off but
that hand was not attacking them now
they probe on it then they come to know
that
because they are in the cold place so
that hand is not attacking them
because their body is not releasing heat
waves which may be sensed by that hand
it attacks only in hot climate knowing
it
they feel satisfaction as they will be
able to take any step
holly's husband was studying phd so he
had a lot of information
he reduces his body heat and polly
assists her then they plan that he will
go near the police vehicle and asks for
help
he carries it out now holly is throwing
the fire flammable liquid outside
so splinter may reach there is being
attracted
and her husband may remain safe from it
holly's husband was moving towards that
vehicle
lifting the ice bags his legs were
shivering because of feeling extreme
cold
and he loses the grip of ice bag and it
falls down
anyhow he gets in the car now his body
temperature was matching with outside
climate temperature
it means that it was raising
consequently splinter begins to come to
him
polly is witnessing this all from the
store
she says to her husband while shouting
beware
splinter is moving towards you then her
husband locks the vehicle's door
and splinter begins to assault him
now dennis comes out of the store he had
also gripped the firework
to attract the attention of the creature
so it may leave paulie's husband
he throws that firework to another
direction
now that creature starts moving to
dennis following him to store
dennis tries best to attack it but
nothing was seeming operative
then paulie's husband brings a shotgun
from the police vehicle
and he begins to fire it on those
creatures
meantime dennis friend's hand also
reaches there and tries to attack
but the place catches fire because of
those fireworks
and that hand burns to fire dennis
says to polly and her husband go outside
holding me this gun denna's heart is
turned and he was ready to sacrifice
himself
he starts to fire his gun on the
splinters
and he himself moves to the flames at
the backside
so those splinters may step in the fire
while pursuing him
and they may be ended now it is seen
that his shotguns magazine had emptied
and he had been badly wounded polly and
her husband come to him
they ask about his condition at the same
time
dennis hands them over a key it is the
key of a bank account
i had killed lady's husband now i have
realized my mistake
my heart has turned i apologize from
everyone
give this key to that lady afterwards he
says to
polly and her husband go away
i will come back mending the situation
now
holly and her husband also knew as being
badly wounded he cannot be recovered
but they have to leave from there is
being compelled because they had no
other option
dennis fires his gun on the lying gas
tank there as they depart
consequently the whole filling station
catches fire
and that splinter also meets its end
along with dennis
and holly and her husband were moving on
foot
far away from that place forever
rescuing their lives
but it is noticed one more wounded
animal is lying there
which has been infected by that fungus
and the movie also completes on this
scene